"So I started with a dream and some dumb ideas, little did I know 7 months later, I'd be performing for the NYE event."

DJing in FiveM is 10% luck
20% Skill
15% concentrated power of will
5% percent packet loss
50% percent headpops
And a 100% several cables of spaghetti

I've always loved live music, I think theres a magic to it, growing up in radio stations and working on broadcast stuff. DJing kinda felt right. 

Like all terrible ideas, this started drunk at 2am one morning, scrolling though facebook marketplace looking at stuff, I saw a traktor S2MK2 for £80 boxed and though, whats the worse that could happen?

Best case I figure out a way to send the audio into the city. 

So how does it all work? 

Macbook -> USB -> S2MK2 -> 1/4 Jacks -> AG03 -> USB -> Main PC -> Voice Chat in FiveM 

It starts with my MacBook Pro, I have this sat on my desk with Traktor open, and I'll be juggling music, and from there I have my S2MK2 plugged in for mixing, scratching, swapping tracks and mainly just so I do not have to touch my MacBook
it's scratched up, and beaten, the feet have been replaced and a few knobs have after-market caps, its a glorified Audio Interface, but my god its alot of fun when you turn it on and it all lights up. 

From there I have a pair of 1/4 jack's that come out the back and feed into my Yamaha AG03 MK1 (Yamaha if your reading this I love it but can I have an AG06 MK2?)
After that its just makes noise with the Macbook and hoping it pops up in FiveM

A lot of it needs you to find your levels, once you do it's great.

Now all of this is cool, and alot of spaghetti. But what if we made it worse? 

The problem at the moment with DJing in FiveM is you have a set level, it's X db and if you want it quiter either face away or move away from the source of noise. 

Many servers have boom boxes, they all work in different ways. Most take a YT link and play it live. From there you can normally turn it up and down for personal consumption. 

So what if we did

Macbook -> USB -> S2MK2 -> 1/4 Jacks -> Audio interface -> USB -> 2nd pc with OBS open -> Youtube -> Boom Box in city? 

In concept this is great, in cables it's a little messy. 

Likewise, the problem with Youtube is copyright. I had something similar for a bar event in city where I made a Spotify playlist, sent it through OBS into a Yt live and then back out IC. The only downside is YT's copyright system can strike live...
So that's a problem... The only way to get around that is to pause, stop. start a new stream, start a new link. And start again. It becomes a hastle tbh. 

The only winning move is not to play, but where's the fun in that?

People quite enjoy my sets and over the last few months I've played with some great DJ's shout out, Pauly, Allegedly, Shorts, B Rack, Grey, all bringing there own magic and projects. 
